Getting Started with Calendar: Add a tutorial (#3386)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Calendar/00 Getting Started with Calendar/10 Specify Available Dates.md

> Use the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#max) properties to specify the range of available dates. You can also use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#disabledDates) property to disable certain dates. For example, the code below disables all the Sundays in the Calendar and specifies the range of dates to one year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#max) properties to specify the range of available dates. You can also use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#disabledDates) property to disable certain dates. For example, the code below disables all Sundays and limits the range of dates to year 2022.
```

> Use the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#max) properties to specify the range of available dates. You can also use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#disabledDates) property to disable certain dates. For example, the code below disables all Sundays and limits the range of dates to year 2022.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#max) properties to specify the range of available dates. You can also use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxCalendar/Configuration/#disabledDates) property to disable certain dates. For example, the code below disables all Sundays and limits the range of dates to 2022.
```
